= Gem Output Filter

Gem Output Filter is a simple script for making <tt>gem install</tt> and <tt>gem update</tt> commands informative, but not excessive.

== The problem

Rubygems installer is not very talkative. If you want to keep an eye on the process, you may use the <tt>-V</tt> option to make the installer produce verbose output. But in this case your screen will be filled with the information you don't need, like http responce codes etc.

== The decision

This script filters verbose output of installer to leave only necessary information and uses the other information to display a progress of installation.

=== Usage

The script is simple: it reads lines from standard input and writes them to standard output being transformed.

So you can run

    sudo gem install some_gem -V | ./gem_output_filter.rb

or
    sudo gem update -V | ./gem_output_filter.rb

Or even you can save installer output to a file and then run the script passing the file to its standard input...

=== Requirements

<b>Important:</b> When you try this, you may be disappointed with the fact that the information is printed only after the end of installation, making the script totally useless :) That is because the installer is not adapted for using with pipes, and it doesn't flush it's output. Fortunately, such behaviour can easily be changed.

You may patch the source file of rubygems installer (<b>at your own risk!</b>) using the patch.diff file from this repository. Just run

    sudo patch < patch.diff

and enter the full name of user_interaction.rb file in rubygems directory. The full path is given in patch file, but it may be diffent on your machine.

